
EMAIL HOST NOTES

FASTMAIL: From a technical perspective you cannot get better
than Fastmail. When considered simply from that technical
perspective, nobody -- not even Google -- does email better.
Part of that technical expertise, though, involves adding
more headers than any other provider, bar none. Message size
is larger with Fastmail than with anyone else. The other
trouble is that their customer service is a bit hit-and-miss.
Some people report absolutely wonderful customer service
experiences. Others describe absolutely inexcusable treatment.

RUNBOX: From a customer service perspective you cannot get
better than Runbox. In that regard, they are the best in the
email provider business. For that reason alone I would love
to be able to use Runbox as my primary email provider. The
trouble I have is that their web interfaces are more frustrating
to use than any others that I have tried. With both versions
6 and 7 of the interface I have encountered situations where
the folder contents reported by the web interface were very
different from the folder contents reported by IMAP clients.
Thus, I cannot bring myself to rely on Runbox as a primary
provider. It is also worth noting that their IMAP server
suffers more downtime than any other provider's.

YANDEX: It's free. It's easy to use. But, Yandex silently
discards legitimate messages. They don't even go to the
spam folder. Yandex is almost as overly aggressive as
Microsoft when it comes to screening incoming messages. I
cannot use an email service where I am constantly worried
that I am missing important messages.
